Updating links/landing pages to contrib docs (#20005)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/index.md

  - community-guidelines
  - governance
---

{{MDNSidebar}}

> 👋 Welcome to MDN Web Docs! MDN Web Docs is an open-source, collaborative project that documents web platform technologies, including [HTML](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML), [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS), [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), and [Web APIs](/en-US/docs/Web/API). We also provide extensive [learning resources](/en-US/docs/Learn) for early-stage developers and students.

Reviewer: I would also shorten this

`Welcome to MDN Web Docs! MDN Web Docs is an open-source` 

to ->

`Welcome to MDN Web Docs, an open-source...`

- [Help fix known platform issues](https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues)
- [Help us keep browser compatibility data up to date.](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data)

## Guides in this section

> This is the lists of guides and pages you can find in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the list of guides and pages in this section.
```

- [Learn forum](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Learn_forum). Our [Learn web development](/en-US/docs/Learn) pages get over a million views per month, and have [active forums](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/mdn/learn/250) where people go to ask for general help, or request that their assessments be marked. We'd love some help with answering posts, and growing our learning community.

- [Issues](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Issues). Issues are used to track all bugs and work that has a clear actionable outcome. This contains guidelines on opening and working on issues. Also in this area:

  - [Issue triage](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Issues/Issue_triage)
  - [Content and feature suggestions](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Issues/Content_suggestions_feature_proposals)

- [Pull requests](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Pull_requests). Guidelines for submitting pull requests and what you should expect from the review process.

- [Users and teams](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Users_teams). An overview of the users and teams that are part of the MDN project, and what it means to be in a team.

> ## Code of conduct

Author: Capturing as a task in our project board

> 

Reviewer 2: "Get in touch" content can be moved elsewhere - either as a separate entry on the sidebar and so a separate page or merged with Discussions page?
